WIP - Expand global options docs w/ example snippets (#2228)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/references/configuration.md

## Global

> The following options affect the running Cypresss instance globally. Refer to the examples below for different ways to apply these options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options affect running Cypress when installed via {% url "direct download" https://on.cypress.io/installing-cypress#Direct-download %}. Refer to the examples below for different ways to apply these options.
```

## `baseUrl`
URL used as prefix for {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} or {% url `cy.request()` request %} command's URL

**Default value:** `null`

> **Example:** pass staging url during tests by overriding ENV variable

Reviewer: These headings aren't consistent with the rest of our documentation - there should be a level `###` heading so as to enable linking. Showing the default value like this is also unconventional. I'd have to look at other examples of default values and edit this to be consistent.

```shell
CYPRESS_baseUrl=https://staging.company.com npx cypress run
```

**Example:** override local url using `--config` option
```shell

> npx cypress run --config baseUrl=http://localhost:444

Reviewer: We do not use `npx` in our documentation - there is an issue to change this convention that still requires considering. These examples need to match our other documentation and consistency of how we call npm commands. https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/2030

Reviewer 2: I think we are fine switching to `npx cypress run` for these examples - it has been in use for longer than 1 year, and looks much better and works cross-platform

```

## `env`
Any values to be set as {% url 'environment variables' environment-variables %}

**Default value:** `{}`

**Example:** override an environment variable using `--env` option
```shell
npx cypress run --env=host=local.dev
```

> **Example:** override multiple environment variables using `--env` optiom

Reviewer 2: can you add one more variable value like `rate:20,selected=true` and add a sentence that boolean and numeric variables are automatically parsed from strings

> **Example:** override multiple environment variables using `--env` optiom

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
**Example:** override multiple environment variables using `--env` option
```

```shell
npx cypress run --env=host=kevin.dev.local,api_server=http://localhost:8888/api/v1
```

> ## `numTestsKeptInMemory`

Reviewer: Should be spacing between headings and content - install markdownlint in VSCode for these recommendations.

**Default value:** `50`

**Example:** reduce this value to reduce memory consumption using `--config` option
```shell
npx cypress run --config --numTestsKeptInMemory=25
```

## `port`
Port used to host Cypress. Normally this is a randomly generated port.

**Default value:** `null`

**Example:** provide a static port to host Cypress using `--port` option
```shell
npx cypress run --port=9000
```

## `reporter`
The {% url 'reporter' reporters %} used during `cypress run`

**Default value:** `spec`

**Example:** provide a different reporter  using `--reporter` option
```shell
npx cypress run --reporter=junit
```

## `reporterOptions`
The {% url 'reporter options' reporters#Reporter-Options %} used. Supported options depend on the reporter.

**Default value:** `null`

**Example:** provide options for a specific reporter using `--reporter-options` option
```shell
npx cypress run --reporter=junit \
 --reporter-options=mochaFile=results/my-test-output.xml,toConsole=true
```

## `watchForFileChanges`
Whether Cypress will watch and restart tests on test file changes

**Default value:** `true`

**Example:** disable file watching using `--config` option
```shell

> npx cypress run --config watchForFileChanges=false

Reviewer 2: this option only affects the interactive mode `cypress open`
